[Music]
director grinning all radar as soon as
you put them in a scene that's all you
want to see like really hard to come
back from that you have to be really
careful how you use them because if you
bring them in too early in the film you
sort of just want betaf the rest of the
movie
the rebel flagship is disabled module
but has received transmissions from the
surface this era boarding party suddenly
your brain is exploding with not only
our film but the other film which is
about to come life or the dark day to
come through in a new hope I got the
film you know there's a fan that was a
credible experience I can describe it in
one word goosebumps
[Music]
who
one my Star Wars story on digital and
blu-ray rated pg-13
[Music]
is
you